it's a 2004 Jeep Wrangler v6 4.0 liter
I'm going to show you how to change the
oil on it all right
you need a catch pan for this one
because the filter is on the passenger
side of the motor right there
easiest way to get to it from up top
with the strap wrench
first let's move catch pan place it's
probably not in place but so then get
your from the top of the motor we're
gonna loosen that filter
we're gonna move our pan back
okay
finger stuck okay
okay yeah we got a new filter we're
gonna Lube the gasket and make sure the
old gasket is not on the spindle and
it's not so now we're gonna install our
new oil filter get it tight okay let's
take a look at the bottom of it put this
tool back up
there we go okay
okay
sure was safe oh yeah I think it's safe
okay let's take a look here there's your
oil pan it's sort of connected to the
transmission there's the transmission
there's the pan looks like it's going to
be a 16 millimeter drain plug that's
great
okay so once you got that drain you're
gonna plug it back up and like I said
it's a 16 millimeter drain plug you can
use either a socket or a wrench to do
that and when you're finished it's going
to take six quarts of oil six quarts of
oil and then you'll be finished